Roophee is on the board (#511)
kottans/mock-repo: README.md

Regards, [Dima](https://github.com/itro-dm)

---
# Hi, brothers in arms!

> I`mg glad to join this community and stsrt this trip!!! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm glad to join this community and start this trip!!! 
```

Author: @miroslav-kolomiets fixed typo, thanks
